it's very good to see you good to see to
Jim you've been on the road doing a
stand-up comedy I know yes the name of
your tour is what middle aged boy middle
aged boy you are the middle aged boy do
you think of yourself in that way I do a
little bit I'm still like not married I
don't have children
and yet I'm an adult I'm not as
seemingly I'm not wearing socks right
now mm-hmm
[Music]
boys have been known to do yeah exactly
and this is always interesting to me
when you leave the United States do
stand-up where did you go you went where
I was recently I was in New Zealand and
Australia and I was in London as well
doing shows other english-speaking
country yes they are they do they enjoy
your work are they receptive to your
jokes they tolerate it yeah they were
fine with it they were they were great
the shows I went to Australia New
Zealand with my girlfriend and I was
doing shows in London and I was there on
my own or I thought I was gonna be on my
own but I ended up there my parents
ended up in London at the same time was
that a coincidence or one of those
parent coins it was a parent coincidence
yeah boy your girlfriend was there too
no she was not in she wanted London
cigars yeah I just got some qualities I
mean it was it was great but it's like I
don't know it like when you're with your
parents like I was you know they were
staying in a separate hotel but every
day I'd like go to a museum with them
but I just immediately reverted back to
me like dad that's not where I want to
go to lunch today so they were calling
the shots yeah I was sort of like
there's only so many places that you're
definitely the whole time just during
the day every day around like 1:00 to
4:00 I would spend with that I see and
then i zoom is so boring but it was it
was it was actually really fun they came
to a couple shows they did really fun oh
that's nice yeah did you get to be like
you spent every day for wonder for and
the rest of the time you
the rest of the time I wandered the
rainy streets of London nude well I'm
glad you were able to get you they
probably set you back on yeah yeah yeah
speaking of nude and and such yes your
show big mouth yeah by the way if you
haven't seen big mouth is one of the
first of all funniest but also filthiest
shows maybe I have to believe I know you
got nominated for an Emmy yeah the
dirtiest show ever to get nominated for
an Emmy yeah yes yes I think we got
nominated for a number of AVN's as well
[Applause]
it is it's very very dirty and very sort
of heartfelt and comes also very
emotional it's based on me and my friend
Andrew Goldberg growing up and when we
were going through puberty and then it's
really about all kids adolescents and
their hormone monsters and shame wizards
and depression kitties but it's it's
dirty which are like the voices in your
head yes exactly exactly and who say the
horrible things that we think of yeah
well like Andrew the funny pitch to me
is like I think Nick should have like a
Andrew should have like a hormone
monster and I immediately was just like
touch yourself Andrew and have you said
that to an Andrew before yeah when you
are writing the show I assume you write
the show yes I do yes yeah when you're
writing the show with a group of very
talented writer okay are they but it
must be I mean I can only imagine and
again if people haven't seen the show
they don't really know what but I cannot
I mean nothing must be off-limits or
does I mean is there ever a time where
somebody says something you go oh no no
no you know we have to like you know the
show is really about me and Andrew but
it's really about everyone going through
puberty and adolescence so it's you
really have to get specific about your
life experience to share and really we
have to sort of lead the way and my
character Nick in the show is a very
late bloomer like I was like I didn't
hit puberty I didn't have pubes until
like I was like 15 years old and that's
not a joke
and so in the show so he hasn't hit
puberty so he still got like a boy penis
and he's very insecure about his like
little penis so in the writers room
there's a lot of talk of like well
what's a good like let's talk about next
a little you know or like what's
happening with Nick's little penis this
episode and I'm just like guys this is
I'm Nick I'm here Nick you and yet even
though in the show is quite filthy
you've attracted a very high level of
guest stars yes who's been on the show
Christian wigs been on the ristin wiig
plays Jesse's vagina Wanda Sykes played
the ghost of Harriet Tubman Martin Short
plays a Canadian dentist who's
struggling with sexuality and then
regular cast members Jenny slate Jason
Mantzoukas Jordan Peele Maya Rudolph
Fred Armisen Jesse Klein it's like a
powerhouse it's great yeah so when you
ask people to be on the show they know
what they're getting into like are there
people that you said hey maybe you know
or they've said no I'm not doing that
you know it's like one of those shows
where I think everyone's like oh my kid
loves your show or something like that
so
Tandy Newton plays plays Missy's hormone
monstrous David Thewlis who's like a
very fine actor is the shame wizard
people don't always know but then we we
let him know and then some of you ask
people who have said no I'm not gonna do
that we've had some people the one that
that we've that I asked that I really
always wanted to be on the show very
much was was Howard Stern and I wrote
him a letter that about how much I want
him to be the hormone monster on the
show because like I mean who's more of a
hormone monster than Howard Stern and so
I wrote him a letter and his his agent
they responded very politely that he did
not want to but you know as a regular
listener to Howard sure that that never
worked he doesn't want it write a letter
yeah
all that's gonna happen is he's going to
make fun of your letter and you probably
read it aloud yes yes so it was worth a
shot
was it like one of those letters like
hey you know you're the reason I started
talking about how small my penis yeah he
really did Howard Stern paved the way
the small penis men hate to talk and
just to be clear America my penis is
totally I'm gonna take a look at it yeah
for all those years movies called
Olympic dreams we'll be right back if
you liked that video click Subscribe and
we'll be together until one of us dies